With the PatientRecord domain object in place and input file defined,
the next step is to modify the step.
When I configured the step in the previous section of the course,
I defined a tasklet.
The tasklet simply would output Hello World!
Now I want to replace it with chunk-oriented processing.
Here you can see the code that I'll use to replace the existing step.
The first change is to pass an ItemReader for a PatientRecord into the method.
I'll be creating the bean shortly for this ItemReader.
Next, I've added the chunk behavior after the step name.
This tells the JobBuilder to process items in chunks.
Specifically, I'm going to process two at a time.
Note also that I've parameterized the call to chunk for type safety.
Finally, I've added a reader, processor, and writer.
The reader will leverage the item creator that I'm going to create shortly.
I'll create some mock code for the processor and writer later in this
section and fully implement them later in the course.
Let's implement this change now.
I'll be demonstrating the update of the job step.
Note that I'll be following Demo 10 found in the DEMOS.
md file in the root project directory.
In this demo, I'm going to update the existing job step to support chunking.
Let's open up the class BatchJobConfiguration.
I'm going to scroll down to the step method.
Next, I'm going to drop in updated code for the method.
I've defined an ItemReader bean to be passed as an argument to the method.
I've also added a call to chunk with a size of 2 in the build instructions.
Finally, I've added a call for the reader,
processor, and writer in the chunk processing.
You're going to see a compile error for now until I've implemented a
temporary processor and writer later in this section. This completes the update for the job step to use chunk-oriented processing.